1.	Use <our app name>  only on a personal device
<our app name>  stores the seed phrase, passwords, and private keys in an encrypted format locally on the device where it's installed.

2.	Use a strong password and change it regularly
This may sound quite obvious, but it’s an essential step for securing your <our app name> account. You should use strong and unique passwords for every one of your accounts on the Internet. This is especially true for those that hold value – like your cryptocurrency wallet. Ideally, these passwords should be more than eight characters long, containing both uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, and special characters.
One of the best ways to generate, manage, and store secure passwords are by password managers. This way, you can hold and manage your different passwords in a secure and convenient way, all in the same place. Most password managers will employ sophisticated encryption mechanisms to provide an additional layer of protection. Be sure to only use trusted password manager software, and of course, create a strong master password.
Having a strong password is an excellent first step, but it doesn’t mean you’re set forever. It’s also good practice to change your passwords regularly, as attackers may have ways to obtain your passwords regardless. This is not only true for your <our app name> account but also your email associated with your <our app name> account. 
While we’re at your email, here’s another point to consider – it’s beneficial to use different email addresses for different accounts. This way, you can mitigate some of the potentially detrimental effects of data breaches. Especially if you’re using an old email account, there’s a high chance that it has been part of a breach in the past. However, if you’re using dedicated email addresses for each service, there’s a smaller chance that a breach will affect multiple of your accounts. The website Have I Been Pwned is a great resource to check if any of your accounts were ever the victim of a data breach.
